Michael Frenkel and Barry Eom
Comp 86
Assignment #8: It's Raining Cats and Dogs
12/9/17

This is a ReadMe file that describes the 8th Assignment.


A. Purpose
The purpose of this assignment was to gain experience coding and using a non-wimp
GUI. We used the head tracking tracking.js API to create a game using javascript
and HTML/CSS where a user moves a character based on the movement of his/her head
in order to avoid falling cats and dogs, hence the title.

B. Acknowledgments
This project was coded by both Barry Eom and Michael Frenkel and used the
tracking.js API

C. Description of Files
1. CatsandDogs.html: The HTML file thats allows us to run our program. Contains
javascript to create a user, game, camera, and catdog class. Uses the tracking.js
API to implement head tracking and get events from the webcam to process user
movement.

2. ircad.css: The CSS file containing code that orients all of our messages, images,
and the canvas in the space of the webpage. It also fonts and sizes of elements
declared in the HTML file.

3. Image Files: the image files for this program include doge.png, stick-figureright.jpeg,
stick-figure-left.jpeg, nyancat.jpg, and catdoge.jpg


D. How to Run/Compile Program
In order to run our program please use Google Chrome and drag the HTML file into
your browser window. Please allow the webpage to access your webcam. Then press
enter and move your head left or right to move the character. Do not do any sudden
movements or try to move your head very far in either direction. To stop moving
in either direction orient your head to the center of the screen. For the 
character to move left, move your head left. For the character to move right, move
your head right.

E. Good GUI Design/Practices
1. One element of our GUI that makes it more natural to use is that we ensured
that the character moves based on the direction the user moves his head and NOT
on the direction with which the camera processes the movement because the camera
retrieves a mirror image of the user's movement and not his natural movement, which
we made sure to respond to.

2. Another element of our GUI that makes it more natural to use is that if
the user's head is in the center of the screen the character does not move and
the head movement required to move the character is subtle enough to prevent
jerks or sudden movements which could be nauseating and unpleasant.

3. Our GUI also ensured that the character cannot go off the screen so the game 
flows smoother and it is easier for the user to navigate his character because
he can see his character at all times. Also, since the GUI has no buttons it is
very intuitive and easy for the user to use.


























